Fixed the 1302 bug and improve the tab key behaviour (#1342)
codex-team/editor.js: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `New` - Allows users to provide common `inlineToolbar` property which will be used for all tools whose `inlineToolbar` property is set to `true`. It can be overridden by the tool's own `inlineToolbar` property. Also, inline tools will be ordered according to the order of the inline tools in array provided in the `inlineToolbar` property. [#1056](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js/issues/1056)
- `Fix` - blocks.getBlockByIndex() API method now returns void for indexes out of range [#1270](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js/issues/1270)
- `Fix` - Fixed the `onChange` callback issue. This method didn't be called for native inputs before some contentedtable element changed [#843](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js/issues/843)

> - `Fix` - Fixed the `Tab` key behaviour on more than one element based blocks [#1302](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js/issues/1302).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Fix` - Fixed the `Tab` key behavior when the caret is not staying inside contenteditable element, but the block is selected [#1302](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js/issues/1302).
```
